Bugs

When the priority of a Plan in the Plan list is changed, update urgency in the Task List.

When the priority of a Plan in a Plan detail is changed, update the Priority on the Plan list.

When a new task is added/deleted – make sure all Task List Windows are aware.

When a Component is deleted, and it owns a component window, close the component window.

Allow a highlight mark/flag on tasks.

Project Priorities

View all tasks of a project, including sub projects, in a simple view.

Navigate from a project window to the parent project window.


Unhandled exception at 0x4ec6de16 in ProjectPal.exe: 0xC0000005: Access violation writing location 0x0c34a48c.



Make ModifiedTime/By apply to everything.

Link tasks (make a task an attachment).

Make 'Show Tasks' work correctly on Components window.

Delegate ownership of Projects/ Components/ Task to other people to modify.

Have personalised favourite views.

Filters need to move if columns are reordered on the grid.

Refresh Views after Project/Component rename.

Refresh Task List after creating new Tasks.

Need to have ‘secure’ Components/Projects/Tasks/Attachments.

Deploy Debug version – crashes

Log data changes and save.

View Project/Component Parent fromProject/Component Window

Find All for Grid

If a Project hierarchy is changed (On Project Window), refresh all tasks and Project Windows for the Project.

Search component/project names (may search all).

Setting priority on Task grid doesn’t save to object if title sort is clicked.

Allow sorting by multiple headers.

Make paste work for different size of selections and paste buffer


-----Done----------


Make Resource Filter handle multiple people

Fix bug with mail date stamps being incorrect.

On exit, if things are not saved, ask to save them.

Be able to drag attachments to other Windows documents (e.g. emails)

Tidy up temp attachment folder on start up.

Allow drop of attachments on Task Details before the task is first saved.

Add task numbers to display so they can be referred to.

Need a new status – done – to be reviewed -> Ready.

Log details of email drag and drop to find issues with create time setting sometimes.

Make Detailed description area on Task Details bigger / resizeable.

Make ‘Status’ a drop down on the Task View.

Tie ‘Status’ to ‘Priority’ values.

If Status is set to Cancelled on Task Detail, set Priority to Cancelled, check other states

On double click on Task window to open a Component Window – reuse a Window if there is already one.

Double clicking on a Project or Component, the new window doesn’t come to the front

Allow main window to be always on top.

Allow non resource – resources

Don’t expand all sub Projects/Components when opening one of them.

Miss spelt ‘Attachment’ on ‘Are you sure delete?’

Handle null priority 

Compress attachments

Different Icons for Different Windows

Task column order: Description, Urgency, Resource, Status, Priority, Projects, Components, Attachments

Sorting doesn’t always scroll to the top.

Something funny with Drag n Drop from task table when modifying a person in a task table (drag n drop seems to be on).

Can’t resize some columns on Task grid

Drag and drop attachment from sent items doesn’t work

List ABS IT member first on Resources filter

Need SP for task/resource mapping + task/project mapping.

Make Description field wider on Task View at started.

Just show ‘Open’ Tasks by default on Component and Project Views.

Always scroll to top after a sort.

Add ‘Status Date’ to Components Task table (and Projects)

Log to my area / create logs.

\\lonwd013224\NeilsShareWrite\logs\

-------------------


Phase 2


Comments for projects, components.

Drag and Drop.   Projects/Components on to tasks.


Database triggers.

Order Projects + Comonents

Rename Component to Work Area.

Allow 'Resources' to be added/deleted/edited.



Maybe---

Use the same project/component window if one is already open.
